README.md, before:

# Assignment for Front-End web design @ UC (u3151142)

Throughout this assignment, I tried to bring information together, instead of having a new page for every item. I have created a tab for the linking of the information in the nav bar. But wanted a very simple, flowing website. I think that my webpage has brought my wireframe to life and that I stayed realtively true to my brief and pallette. Utilising neutral colours with a splash of neon to create a modern site. I think the site is easy enough and simple enough for people of all ages to use :fire::fire::fire:. 

With my navlinks that anchor on the same page (About, History, Contact) I would have made them the active style, but because I've set them up within one html (and can't figure this out...) and can't use javascript, I cannot give them the class needed for this function :stuck_out_tongue:.

My intro background image was taken from Google - John Jovic Photography - link - ([https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fjohnjovic.com%2Fimages%2Flatest2%2FDSC01106_1600wm.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fjohnjovic.com%2Flatest2.html&docid=0vL5U35rpFvwkM&tbnid=4JIspix6Vui3pM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwjo4Y6qs8DjAhVaWH0KHfwRDicQMwhIKAYwBg..i&w=1600&h=1067&bih=789&biw=1440&q=churchill%20house%20canberra%20photography&ved=0ahUKEwjo4Y6qs8DjAhVaWH0KHfwRDicQMwhIKAYwBg&iact=mrc&uact=8]), John Jovic Photography link - ([http://johnjovic.com/latest2.html])

My biggest difficulty was around the image layout, flex box didn't work how I wanted it to :sweat:

Commit message:

jokes, had acouple more things to do, like write my reflection in greater detail

README.md, after:

# Assignment for Front-End web design @ UC (u3151142)

## The Webpage
Throughout this assignment, I tried to bring information together, instead of having a new page for every item. I have created a tab for the linking of the information in the nav bar. But wanted a very simple, flowing website that was more efficient than clicking through page after page. Instead I nestled my main pages and content on one main page and linked the user with the nav bar.Whilst I have somewhat deviated from my original wireframe, I think that my webpage has been true to my wireframe in the elements I have used, just modernized and enhanced the user experience. I have changed some of the content around to try and apply it to my site better and make more sense of the grouping. For example, the Statement of Significance, I have made into three sentences instead of a paragraph and included the other information within the “History” tab of the site. This seemed like it provided more clarity and a truer “Statement of Significance” which to me, should be somewhat like a mission statement, short and to the point. 

I think I stayed relatively true to my brief and colour palettes; utilising neutral colours with a splash of neon to create a modern feel. The use of neon is also to draw attention to particular points that I think are of interest to the user. I think the site is easy enough and simple enough for people of all ages to use :fire::fire::fire:. 

## Difficulties
With my navlinks that anchor on the same page (About, History, Contact), I would have made them the active style, but because I've set them up within one html (and can't figure this out...) and can't use javascript, I cannot give them the class needed for this function :stuck_out_tongue:.

My biggest difficulty was around the image layout and linking my images correctly. Flex box didn't work how I wanted it to :sweat:. I wanted to arrange my gallery in columns of three, which I believe I need to use Grid for. I did not have much success in research and felt it was a little too ambitious for this assignment and my abilities. 

## Other
My intro background image was taken from Google - John Jovic Photography - link - ([https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fjohnjovic.com%2Fimages%2Flatest2%2FDSC01106_1600wm.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fjohnjovic.com%2Flatest2.html&docid=0vL5U35rpFvwkM&tbnid=4JIspix6Vui3pM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwjo4Y6qs8DjAhVaWH0KHfwRDicQMwhIKAYwBg..i&w=1600&h=1067&bih=789&biw=1440&q=churchill%20house%20canberra%20photography&ved=0ahUKEwjo4Y6qs8DjAhVaWH0KHfwRDicQMwhIKAYwBg&iact=mrc&uact=8]), John Jovic Photography link - ([http://johnjovic.com/latest2.html])

Whilst this is something relatively new to me, I had a blast getting to designing and creating this site.
